except in life not especially
train two methods be offensive
and offers you an event from
change tv thanks to his video dvd you
can in a few days to take in
read it a tablature of the numbers of the
simple acts and learn to play
something out of 10
we
for
tomorrow
at the time of laundry that is to say that
the proposed songs are sorted by
easy order of difficulty for
calves intermediate beginners for
medium and difficult level for calves
she offers you songs
famous kabyle fava list
of those who interpreted by the hand
will suffice today relay trouble to
last
jamal
Tuesday morning
chavez of being where we leave him
place in mollo
sting first
by the way, look at us tell us
mollo
gic seduced 2
I
and Gibraltar mosson on the mind of
two males seek together decomposed
in four elements the words the
chords the accompaniment of tonight the
title or by mark pages and complexion
disagreement in this method we're going
use the universal encryption that's at
say we will use letters a
and it's def and ga for example it's
peace it's the ccc the back ercis
in the diagram reason for the position
of the race the neck of the guitar
the six horizontal lines or
vertical everything depends on the passion of the
drawing represents the six strings of the
guitar the half fare represents the knows
the vertical lines are the
touch balls that separates the squares the
number in a circle tells us the
finger to be asked and in what
place the task usually of the
following way the thought thumb in the
base card ie to compare a
fifth and sixth round
the index paints his third when the
major by the second door and the
light goes first the pace for
facilitate the understanding of rhythms
we use onomatopoeia to the MP
end to define the different sounds
we will have no grades and sounds
and the central opera dom can not
him not
on the guitar we will use the thumb
from the right hand to get the doom
usually by attacking the fangs
serious and we will use the index for
get the tac by attacking the transits
in this method we propose you
here the pickups used him in the
Kabyle song of Kabyle players
cascade
at the lease of four of the rallies 6.8
simple rumba of 4
bada the bone 6 8
and the result takes 4
theme theme and melody
principal the taken throughout the
song the telethon will not be beaten and
in solfeggio tablatures is first of all
the six lines representing the six
guitar strings in the position
laid flat on the knees bicycle ropes
then the numbers representing the boxes
on which fingers must be pressed
left hand
for example the Lombard 2 on the
fourth line between montceau duo
means that a finger finger pressed on the
4th string in box two in Switzerland
the extent to bind a hatch to the
most fat drug
and now at
but for